<return>		display current message
<mn><return>		go to Message Number specified and start reading
n (ext)			move count multiples of 1 message forward (default 1)
 The 'n' command is used to jump ahead to another message in the current
 mailbox.  The command can optionally be preceded with a count (entered
 by typing digits) to indicate how many messages ahead to jump.  The
 default count if none is given is one.
N (ext)			move count multiples of group messages forward
 The 'N' command is used like the 'n' command except that it moves
 forward multiples of the number of messages currently shown in the
 scan window minus one line instead of multiples of one message as with
 the 'n' command.  Again, this command can be preceded with an optional
 count (entered with digit characters).  The count is always multiplied
 by the number of scan windows lines minus one before being used.  The
 default count is 1.
p (rev)			move count multiples of 1 message back (default 1)
 This command ('p') is used to jump back to a previous message.
 By default, the mailer jumps back one message in the current mailbox.
 If the command is preceded by digits, the digits are taken to
 represent the number of messages to jump back to.
P (rev)			move some multiple of messages back
 This command ('P') is similar to the 'p' command but jumps back in
 multiples of the number of lines that are currently displayed in the
 scan area minus one line.  This command can be optionally preceded by
 a count (entered with digits).  If a count is specified, the count is
 multiplied by the multipling factor above before jumping back.  The
 default count is 1 resulting in jumping back the number of messages in
 the scan window minus one.
F (irst)		move to first message
 The 'F' command is used to move the current message pointer to the
 first message in the mailbox.
L (ast)			move to last message in the current mailbox
 The 'L' command is used as a fast way to jump to the last message in the
 mailbox.
S (earch) <str>		move forward to message containing <str> in its header
 The 'S' command is used to perform a forward (but circular) search of
 the mail message FROM, SUBJECT, and DATE header lines for the specified
 string.
Z (reverse search)	move back to message containing <str> in its header
 The 'Z' command is roughly the same as the 'S' command but performs
 the search in the backwards direction.
d (elete) 		mark message(s) for deletion, default count is one
 The 'd' command is used to delete the current message.  If this command
 is preceded with a number, the number is used as the message number to
 delete instead of the current message.
u (ndelete) 		remove mark on current message
 This command ('u') is used to mark a previously deleted message to
 not be deleted.  Since messages are really only deleted when you exit
 the mailbox that it is in, you can delete and undelete a message
 repeatedly while you stay in the mailbox if you desire.  As soon
 as you exit the mailbox, any messaged marked for deleted are actually
 deleted from the mailbox.
l (ist)			lists all mailboxes
 This command lists out the names of all of the user's mailboxes.
m (ove to) <mailbox>	copies current message into <mailbox> and deletes
 The 'm' command (one of my old time favorites) is used to move a message
 from one mailbox to another.  Messages which are moved are also marked
 for deletion from the current mailbox.
c (hange to) <mailbox>	change to <mailbox>
 Oh this is one of my favorites.  The 'c' command is used to change
 to another mailbox.  All messages marked for deletion from the old
 mailbox are actually deleted and then the new mailbox is entered.
r (eply) 		invokes SMAIL to reply to current message
 This command provides the feature of replying to the current mail
 message.  Normally, the FROM header in the current mail message is
 used for who to reply to but there are other rules that are applied
 (according to mailer standards) for finding the person to reply
 to if this header is not present.
R (eply)		conference reply including other CC addressees
 The 'R' command is the "conference reply" command.  This is used to
 reply to a message by sending a response to the original sender and
 all of the people that the original sender sent the message to also.
f (orward) 		invokes SMAIL and appends current message
 The 'f' command is used to forward a mail message to somebody else.
e (dit)			invokes an editor on the current message
 This command, one of my old favorites, it used to invoke the user's
 favorite editor (as specified with the 'ED' environment variable)
 to edit a copy of the current message for purposes of sending a new
 mail message.
M (ail)			invokes SMAIL to send a new message
 This command is used to invoke the PCS SMAIL program which is used to
 original a new mail message.
a (ppend to) <file>	appends current message onto specified file
 The 'a' command is used to append the current mail message to the
 end of a file.
w (rite to) <file>	writes current message to specified file
 This command is used to write the current mail message, along with its
 headers, out to a file.
C (urrent dir) <dir>	changes current directory for write and append
 This is used to change the current working directory of the program
 to that specifiied by the user.  Note that with PCS VMAIL, it is
 not necessary to change directories to ever access the user's standard
 mailboxes.
> <file>		writes current message to specified file
 This command is identical to the 'w' command and is used to write
 the current mail message out to a file.  All mail headers associated
 with the message are writen out to the file along with the body of
 the mail message.
| <command>		pipe current message to command
 This command is used to pipe the contents of the current mail message
 out to a program of the user's chosing.  Note that the mail message
 including all of its headers are piped out with the body of the mail
 message.  This is done so that other mail processing programs have
 access to the mail header information.  A cute way to see the additional
 mail headers in a message that are not normally shown while reading the
 message is to execute this command with a shell command of 'cat'.
! <command>		escape to shell
 This command ('!') is used to pop out of PCS VMAIL to a sub shell.
 The value of the environment variable 'SHELL' is used to determine
 what sort of shell program to spawn.  If this variable is not set
 in the environment, then a default shell of some sort will be used.
h (elp) <command>	displays help on given command
 This command is used to get additional help on an individual command
 but then you already know this because you had to use this command
 in order to see this explanation.
=			displays current message number in mailbox
 This command is used to print out the message number of the current
 message that the mailbox pointer is at (yes PCS mailers know what
 message number is being read just like the other braindamaged mailers 
 use - the difference is that PCS just doesn't focus the user's
 attention on the message number like the other mailers do).  Also 
 printed out with this command is the number of messages that are before 
 the top most message shown in the summary scan window and the number of 
 messages below the bottom most message shown in the summary scan window.
q (uit)			request an exit from VMAIL
 This command is used to exit PCS VMAIL.
^L (redisplay)		redisplay the screen
	
	some commands above accept an optional count prefix 
	(using numeric digits)
	
	use the 'h' command to get specific help on a particular command
	
	send bug reports and enhancement requests to Dave Morano <mtgbcs!dam>
