My question 
is, What should I expect if I try to run
that example program 'ex_tpcb.c' ?  Does it do anything
useful other than fail to fetch any records from the
first database it tries to access ?
Sorry, we should have included some documentation with it!  As it is,
you sort of have to look at the command options to figure out what's
going on -- not a very user friendly state of affairs, I'm afraid.
I ran it first with the initialization options
and then ran it with the '-n' option specifying some
loops of "transactions" and it fails to ever featch
anything from the fist database it tries to access in
the transaction subroutine.  Is this what is expected ?
This seems odd.  One possibility is that if you specify
the number of records during initialization (to avoid building
the large database), you also have to specify them during
the run (again, not a nice user-interface, but I use that
information to figure out what valid record IDs are).
So, in order to do a small test run, you want to try something like:
> Also, for some reason I could not build a test suite
> since it seemed to expect (on version 2.0.4 anyway)
> a "main" symbol from the TCL library and our version
> of the TCL library (version 7.6) does not seem
> to supply this.  I am new to this TCL stuff also !!

The tcl library changed between version 7.4 and 7.3 -- prior
to 7.4, the tcl library included main, now it does not.  However,
we check for this in the file tclAppInit.c.  Is it possible that
you ran ../dist/configure on a different machine than on the machine
on which you built?  You might try removing config.cache (in your
build directory), doing a make clean, and running:
	../dist/configure --enable-test
Then try building.

If this doesn't work, send us the output of the configure and the make.

> Is there some way I can verify that I have a good build
> of the DB library ?

Once you get dbtest to build, the regression test (see the README in the
test directory) will tell you that your install is successful (it takes
a few hours to run).

I hope these suggestions help, but if not, let us know and we'll see
if we can figure out what's going wrong.

- Margo



